Add QA Product Specs for v16.0.0 (#20)
isce-framework/nisarqa: docs/product_specs/04a_single_input_products.md

## Single-Input Products (RSLC, GSLC, GCOV)

### Backscatter Image (RSLC, GSLC, GCOV)

Each backscatter raster in the input product is individually processed and plotted in the PDF, using this strategy:

* **Step 1:** Convert raster to power in linear units, if needed.

>     - RSLC and GSLC: the SLC rasters are converted via:
>         * $power = abs(`magnitude`)^2$
>     - GCOV: no conversion needed, but on- and off-diagonal rasters are prepped via:
>         * $power = abs(`magnitude`)$

Reviewer: Sadly, these equations don't seem to be properly formatted for me when viewing the rendered markdown files

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7cee2be8-8da6-42d6-a5f6-2f9965c08882)

GitHub's documentation says that mathematical expressions should be rendered using MathJax in Markdown files: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/writing-mathematical-expressions

Maybe the issue is that we have `magnitude` in backticks inside the expression?

Here's how I would write this:

```suggestion
    - RSLC and GSLC: the SLC rasters are converted via:
        * $S = |Z|^2$
    - GCOV: no conversion needed, but on- and off-diagonal rasters are prepped via:
        * $S = |Z|$
        
    where $S$ is the power quantity, $Z$ is the raster pixel value, and $|\cdot|$ represents taking the absolute value.
```

* **Step 2:** Multilook the raster

    - The number of looks used for the multilooking window is computed dynamically based on the shape of the input raster, the requested maximum size of the browse image PNG, and the pixel spacing of the raster. Ultimately, the number of looks is optimized to maximize the PNG resolution while staying within mission requirements, and generate multilooked images have roughly-square pixels.

    - The source raster is truncated to a shape which is integer multiples of the number of looks.

* **Step 3:** Apply image correction, if requested.

    - Image correction is dynamically applied to individual rasters, in the following order:
        

>         - **Step 3i:** If requested, clip the raster's outliers to the requested percentile interval.
>         
>         - **Step 3ii:** If requested, convert from linear units to dB
>         
>         - **Step 3iii:** If requested, apply gamma correction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Step 3.i:** If requested, clip the raster's outliers to the requested percentile interval.
        
        - **Step 3.ii:** If requested, convert from linear units to dB
        
        - **Step 3.iii:** If requested, apply gamma correction
```
